And I don't know why I was so eager to build the next section if we still haven't made this one responsive
so we're going to head back over here.
And we still need our media queries or we're going to say over here is we're going to say this is going
to be a medium year and then we're going to say screen and then we're going to say and we're here we're
all the same men with more here.
And this is going to be 576 pixels like this.
Then after that what you would want is skills center right and the parent skills center on this.
And then we're going to say this play.
I'm going to say flex I really like this.
Then after that we're going to have a justified content.
Right.
And we're going to have a space between this and then we're going to have a flics rap rap.
So when I say flex rap and I'm going to say rap I know this.
Now if we say this let's check it out.
We have.
All right.
So we say it over here and you can see it.
Nothing has changed.
Technically I don't worry about it.
We actually we're going to do that right.
So what's going to happen here with the skills and there right now we want to deal with the skill.
So I'm going to say skill here and I'm going to say flex like we're here and I'm going to say again
zero for growing zero for shrinking calculate and we're all going to say like this 50 percent 50 percent
minus one E-M Warrior.
All right then who would want to do is text align center text on line center here.
We're going to say this and I know we're here for this skill paragraph.
All right.
We also want to make some changes.
So I was just figuring out what we have so far.
Right.
So you can see where you are right now and text everything is in center but I want to move or hear this
paragraph.
So what I'm going to do here I'm going to say this is going to be scale paragraph way I like this and
we're going to a margin.
Zero.
All right so now is going to be automatically in the middle.
And you know what let's do with I to do like 80 percent 80 percent or here right.
So I'm going to say this rewind this and once we refresh right now I can see that it's actually in the
middle.
Now one would also want to do is obviously once we get to the bigger screen we don't want it to be half
the screen right.
So we're going to have four of them four columns so we're going to go back over here and what we can
do we can just copy and paste and we're going to change some values right.
So we need to go back over here and here we're going to say for 9 9 2 0 9 and 2 pixels and on here this
is the same.
There's no difference or here.
So we can just delete this.
There's still going to be flex but oh we're here.
Let's change this one to twenty five percent over here right then text the line again is the same one.
So we don't care.
Can we.
But first gilds paragraph margin is going to be the same.
Right but.
So what can we do in this one.
Well let's change this to 100 percent so we say this and let's check it out.
We have.
So we're fresh over here.
I can see that this is going to be our look right.
Once we get to that screen.
Right.
This is going to be a look then if we're in a smaller screen this is going to look like this.
Or if we're actually making the screen bigger right you can see that it's a responsive.
And now we actually have four of them.